setup1-verifier log levels (#214)
AleoHQ/aleo-setup: setup1-verifier/README.md

# setup1-verifier

> ## Building

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build Guide
```

> The following command will build the binaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the verifier, run:
```

```bash
cargo build --release
```

## Usage

> To run verifier first you'll need to copy the binaries to the working directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the verifier, start by copying the binaries to your working directory:
```

```bash
cp ../target/release/setup1-verifier ../target/release/view-key /path/to/working/directory
```

> Then generate the view key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, generate and print out a view key:
```

```bash
# To print the view key to stdout
./view-key

# Or to write it to a file
./view-key > view_key.txt
```

> Then run the verifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, run the verifier:
```

```bash
./setup1-verifier MODE COORDINATOR_API_URL VIEW_KEY
```
where `MODE` is one of `development | inner | outer | universal`,
`COORDINATOR_API_URL` is an address of a coordinator, for example `http://localhost:9000`,
and `VIEW_KEY` is the string generated by the `view-key` binary.

> Alternatively you can use `xargs` to read view key from the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may use `xargs` to read view key from the file
```

```bash
cat view_key.txt | xargs ./setup1-verifier MODE COORDINATOR_API_URL
```

## Log levels

The `setup1-verifier` binary is set up to read the `RUST_LOG` environment

> variable to control the logs. Here are some examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable to control the logs. Here are some examples:
```
